[sinister music playing]
[Camila sighs] Oh. yeah. I recognize her.
Her name's Rebecca Cross.
She goes by Becky.
Miguel hired her to babysit his children.
Okay. [exhales]
So I was over there stretching.
and I was about to start rehearsing
when she came and whacked me from behind.
She had a mask over her face.
a black one with a beak.
I pulled it off. and I saw it was Becky.
- We started fighting.
- [sighs]
Then she choked me.
and I hit her with a light.
I was calling you guys
when she disappeared.
- Is she injured?
- It's possible.
[theme music playing]
FAKE PROFILE
[music fades]
- [cell phone ringing]
- [Ángela] Okay. it's them.
It is? You sure?
Hello! Talk to me.
[kidnapper. voice modified] We have Eva.
If you want to see her alive again.
give us $2 million at 4:30 a.m. sharp.
No cops.
Just you and your husband.
Is that clear?
Okay. Uh. where do we meet?
If you don't have all the money at 4:30.
you'll get a sign.
It will be part of your daughter's body.
No. no. no. no. That won't be necessary.
Tell me where you want the cash delivered.
and I'll be there. bitch.
Hello?
Fuck!
[tense music plays]
I swear I'm terrified
that this awful psychotic bitch
will just show up at the club.
So you think she'll come back?
I'm convinced she will.
She's got problems
with something at the club.
She killed Salomé.
After that. she went after Noa.
then Moira. then attacked me.
Cami. look at me.
Let me help you.
You have to stop.
["Arráncame Las Ganas (Primer Conjuro)"
by Duina Del Mar playing]
Every caress serves a purpose.
It awakens sensitivity.
It releases tension.
Your body and mind become harmonious.
There's no rush.
There are no expectations.
No obligations.
We honor and worship the erotic.
It's the sacred language of our bodies.
["Arráncame Las Ganas (Primer Conjuro)"
continues]
- [music ends]
- [cell phone ringing]
Hello?
[Becky] Ángela.
It's Becky.
I need to talk to you right now.
Please let me in.
You know I have nowhere else to go.
Hmm. This is not my problem.
But you are a relentless one.
Go away.
Don't make me call the police.
Mmm.
I wouldn't.
Calling the police?
Not a good plan.
No?
Why's that?
Who do you think they're gonna believe?
Me…
or a poor addict
who was willing to sell her baby
just to buy more crack?
Think about it.
- [Becky screams]
- [screams]
You're fucking dead!
- [Lucas grunts]
- [Ángela screams]
Get off me!
[Ángela wincing]
[Ángela screaming]
[music ends]
- Becky.
- [gasps]
[Ángela] Lucas!
[Lucas] Come on. get up.
- [Ángela] Lucas!
- We're leaving. We have to go.
- [Becky] What happened?
- [Ángela] Lucas!
Not now. We don't have time for questions.
- We have to go.
- [Ángela] Lucas!
- Come on.
- [Becky groans]
[Ángela] Lucas!
- Let's go.
- Okay.
[whimpers. screams]
Shit! What's going on. Ángela?
- What happened? Oh. wow.
- [panting] No.
I'll help you. okay?
Yeah. yeah. take it easy. take it easy.
Calm down. I got ya.
Okay. Ángela? Shit!
What happened?
Where's Lucas?
[Ángela] Lucas!
Okay. I got you. I got you.
Take it easy. take it easy.
I'm here.
- [screaming]
- [repeating] Yeah.
Okay.
[Ángela sobbing]
You ever think something like this
would happen to the two of us?
No.
Not once.
Sometimes…
I think it's all a nightmare.
but it's not.
It's all real.
[Ángela] Hmm.
Now we wait
for those monsters to call us back.
Go to sleep.
I won't.
[intriguing music playing]
♪ Why did you go? ♪
[vocalizing]
[Ángela moans]
♪ Why did you go? ♪
[Ángela moaning]
- [music ends]
- [cell phone ringing]
[inhales]
[winces]
[groans]
- [Miguel] Oh shit. It's them.
- [groans]
- Okay.
- [Ángela] Hello?
[kidnapper] The drop-off location is
at the San Juan dock.
It is now 3:30 in the morning.
[dramatic sting]
[Miguel] Let's go.
I'll help you get dressed.
- [engine revving]
- [tires squealing]
[tense music playing]
Okay. We're at your location. What now?
[kidnapper] Leave the briefcase
on the hood of your car.
And then who will give us our daughter?
You have to trust me.
You do what I say. and you'll be
hugging your daughter in no time.
Okay. now what?
You see the dock? Walk to it.
All the way to the end.
[Miguel] Okay. we're on our way.
but I don't see her.
Where is she?
Your daughter is very close.
In fact. she's under your feet.
[Miguel] Where is she? Where?
Eva! Eva! Can you hear me?!
[exhales]
[Ángela] Eva!
- Eva!
- [Ángela] Oh my God!
Eva!
- There she is!
- My baby!
Oh. my baby!
- No. no. no. no!
- Almost!
[Ángela gasps]
[Miguel grunting]
[Ángela] Oh my God! Is she…
What is that?
What the fuck?!
[Miguel grunts]
[melancholy music playing]
[sobbing]
[rat squeaking]
[door opens]
- [stomps]
- [rat screeches]
[keys jangling]
[gate locks]
[engine revving]
[tense music playing]
[music ends]
How is our Eva?
She's asking about her father.
And how are you doing?
It's good of you to join us. Juan David.
That feeling in your chest and stomach
when you can't breathe.
that feeling is hatred.
Hatred is a very powerful emotion.
It's as strong as love.
But you should be careful
because if you can't handle it.
it will destroy you.
This is your moment.
It's time for you to get even. Juan David.
You should enjoy it.
You just have to let yourself go.
Here are the keys to the cabin.
[suspenseful music playing]
Well. this is
exactly what I need right now.
I want to toast you all. my collaborators.
Salud.
[Joanna] Salud.
This is all because of you. Ángela.
[clinking]
So what'd you do with Becky?
Mmm. So. Becky is no longer with us.
The police are searching for her
in connection with the murders.
Really. who cares? I'm so bored with that.
All that matters is
that we accomplished our mission.
[Oliver] Miguel and Camila broke up.
and they are never getting back together.
This is just what you wanted.
Yeah. it worked perfectly.
I had to hit him
where it hurts him the hardest.
Unfortunately for him.
his Achilles heel just happens to be.
well. my daughter. Eva.
[dramatic music playing]
♪ So do you know
Who's your enemy or your friend? ♪
♪ For there is no way of knowing
How this will end ♪
♪ Though you endure ♪
♪ One thing is sure ♪
♪ You're never secure ♪
[music ends]
Speaking of Eva.
would you please tell them
to set her free.
I'm dying to see her
and tell her that everything's fine.
and that it's over now.
[Ángela sighs]
I'm not made of stone.
I know. David. I've been there.
It was painful at first. At first.
So when does it stop hurting
after someone has caused
so much suffering?
So in my experience.
it's when the tables are turned.
It's the law of equilibrium.
Balance is restored.
and now it's your turn.
so have a good time.
[tense music playing]
I know it was
one of the worst moments of your life.
and it's still a nightmare for you.
So if you ever want to get revenge
on Camila for that shit she pulled on you.
come find me.
I'm not interested in cash.
or revenge. or anything.
No. What you're seeking is justice.
- Crime and punishment.
- [screaming]
The two of them have to pay
for all the damage they caused us.
- [screaming]
- [David] Done.
There's everything you asked for.
Empty cans and food for several days.
Great. now hit me.
Hit me hard. Right in my face.
No. I'm doing that.
[Ángela] You're so weak.
[exhales]
[grunts]
[Oliver] Ángela.
- What's up?
- [Oliver] Eva's being taken to the island.
[suspenseful music playing]
DESIDERIO ISLAND
[music ends]
This is a very sacred place.
Here. you'll never be afraid ever again.
Everything you see here belongs to us.
and soon it will belong to you as well.
Welcome to the island of Desiderio.
From now on. this is your home.
This will be your only home.
And we will call you Adyanta.
"The beginning and the end."
Any updates on Eva?
Nothing.
No updates.
[Joanna] You fuckers! Bravo. Bravo!
Congratulations to you both.
- I had a feeling this'd happen.
- Chill out.
- It's all okay.
- Fuck my life. I mean…
Shut your fucking mouth! I thought
you'd be a bit less hypocritical.
Oh. please. If you two have problems
with your lives or whatever.
with your threesomes and shit.
go fix it outside.
It's not my problem.
It's my house. I don't want to hear
any screaming or hysterics.
You have five minutes
to sort this shit out.
This is my house. bitch.
- Please. let's not make a fucking scene.
- You don't get to talk.
Another one. One more for your collection.
A new conquest for you.
Camila is so much more than that.
and you know it.
- Yeah.
- I love her.
- Ah.
- It's that simple. I love her.
You happy now?
What happens when she finds out
you were paid to sleep with her?
And she's thinking it was
a magical experience. a deep connection.
"Thank you. Rodrigo.
You taught me everything."
What a fucking joke!
I wish this was all fake. Oh. I wish.
But. no. It's real. Joanna.
I fell for that woman.
Well. fine.
This is it for us.
You ending this?
Yeah.
So move then.
It's impossible to describe
how we're feeling about this.
We're so helpless. It's terrifying
not knowing if she's okay. or even…
She could be cold.
WE'RE STILL LOOKING FOR EVA
And she's frightened.
All I know is I won't rest
until she's back with us again.
That's right.
That's why if anyone watching knows
if she's okay.
or can tell me where she is right now.
I'm begging as a mother.
I hope you will contact us.
Any kind of information that helps us
find our daughter's whereabouts.
anything at all.
Please bring us some hope
during these dark days.
Anyone with information
that leads to her return
will receive a reward of $500.000.
Please help us.
- [door opens]
- [tense music playing]
Miss Rebecca Cross. you're under arrest.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be used against you.
[Becky exhales]
INTERROGATION ROOM
[Indira] We know a lot about you.
Your real name is Marsha Elaine Allen.
We know your father is American.
and your mother is Colombian.
You have an American passport.
You studied nursing
at the University of Delaware.
In the US. you've been accused
of a wide number of crimes.
and we were not surprised to discover
you've even posed before as a nanny.
So why did you come to Colombia?
What is here for you?
You attacked two different dancers
at the Golden Lips.
and you murdered Maria Salomé Ramos.
Who hired you and why?
Do you… want to know the truth?
Okay.
Ángela hired me
to sleep with her ex-husband.
She also hired me
to eliminate every dancer at Golden Lips.
And you wanna know why?
[tense music playing]
Because she promised me
she would help me get my baby back.
♪ Money makes the world go round… ♪
Gather around. everyone.
I want to talk to you before the show.
I am so very excited for this evening.
Everyone of you is my family.
my gang. and my heart.
I want everybody. all of you. to know
how proud I am
of everything you've all accomplished here
because if it wasn't for your talent.
or your passion and spark.
and all your shows.
Golden Lips wouldn't be the same.
Thanks. love. [chuckles]
Really. working with you all is
a beautiful experience.
so be bold
and give the audience your absolute best!
- Yeah!
- [Camila chuckles]
[Inti] How's everybody feeling tonight?
[audience applauding. cheering]
It's a pleasure to welcome
all of you sexy people to Golden Lips!
[applause. cheering continues]
You're in for a treat.
It is a very special night.
Tonight. Golden Lips is celebrating
its second anniversary!
For this special occasion. we brought in
our founder and dancer extraordinaire.
Camila Román!
Yes. she's here.
She's on stage. and she is spectacular!
So welcome everyone and enjoy the show.
[exhales]
[audience applauding. cheering]
[upbeat music playing]
♪ Broke both my wrists
You dodged my kiss ♪
♪ Ice in my veins make you refrain ♪
♪ A room full of stares ♪
♪ But I don't care no more ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Glitter falls beneath my eyes ♪
♪ I'm the devil in disguise ♪
♪ On the loose when I move my crown ♪
♪ Better watch what ya do right now ♪
♪ Head in the noose. bow down ♪
♪ Cross me once I'll shed a tear ♪
♪ Two times I wouldn't dare ♪
♪ Roll the dice ♪
♪ I don't play nice ♪
♪ When you're in my ♪
[audience screaming]
Mission accomplished.
- I think she's dead.
- [Miguel] Oh my God! Someone help!
Camila. stay with me! Camila!
Camila. Hello! Hello!
Can you help me. please?!
[woman] I'm sorry.
- Camila!
- Camila. Camila. don't leave me.
Why isn't she responding?
[sirens wailing]
[machine beeping]
[Camila exhales]
[groans]
Camila. my love.
How are you feeling?
Do you want me to get someone for you?
- No.
- You sure?
Okay.
So here you are.
[Miguel] I'll always be here.
[exhales] So listen.
did you see who it was?
No. [inhales]
I wasn't able to see much.
but they'll have to do better
to take me down.
[Camila laughs]
- I'm a cat.
- [laughs]
I've got nine lives.
Although I might only have one remaining.
[both laughing]
You're a superhero.
No one out there's gonna bring you down.
Why are you here?
You should be out there
looking for your daughter.
[melancholy music playing]
Yeah. I should.
Cami.
I haven't stopped looking for her.
and I won't.
I'm sure we'll find her.
Before you know it.
all of this will be over.
and everything will be fine.
And the best hasn't happened yet.
[exhales]
1 YEAR LATER
[Miguel] Okay.
Let's see.
MISSING
EVA ESTÉVEZ
- [Ángela] Coffee?
- Oh. thanks.
Oh. here are the pictures.
Incredible.
It's been a whole year.
and she's still missing.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Ángela] But we can't give up.
We can never give up.
At some point.
all of our work will pay off.
I know it.
[drum beating]
How did you discover this?
I've investigated it for a year.
I'm pretty sure
that this is where they're holding Eva.
[Oliver] Hello?
Can I come in?
Cami?
Oliver!
Nice to see you.
So what brings you here?
- So good to see you.
- For sure.
- Hey. you. What's up?
- How are you?
Good. thanks.
Um. I just got here this morning.
I have some meetings here in Cartagena.
then I head out to Bogotá. [inhales]
So. you wanna have a drink?
Well. I was just leaving anyway.
See you soon.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
Yeah.
Sure. I'd love to have a drink with you.
Nice to see you.
[door closes]
What happens when Dad figures out
that you were the one
who planned Eva's kidnapping?
[tense music playing]
Lucas.
Look at me.
It was a year ago
that I last heard anything about Eva.
I swear.
And you have to know.
I'm as desperate as your father.
This is all because
of that girlfriend of yours.
It's not my fault you fell in love
with that deranged lunatic.
You know I'll never forgive you.
Of course you will.
Because that's the only privilege
that we mothers have.
You have to forgive… [sniffles]
…because I'm the only mother you get.
It shows in the video
that it definitely was Juanita. Joanna.
or whatever the fuck name she uses.
She shot me at the club.
I never saw her again.
Never.
I mean. it's really insane
that such an important person
can vanish from your life.
[Camila exhales]
The last thing we heard is
that she fled the country for Argentina
using a fake profile.
The last time we talked. you said
you weren't able to dance anymore.
Yeah. well. I eventually got better.
Your bitch ex-girlfriend
almost broke my femur.
but she couldn't even do that right.
Mr. Jara. welcome to Cartagena.
As I warned you a year ago.
if you returned. you would be under arrest
for robbery. theft.
use of false identification.
and forgery of official documents.
- Please stand.
- Let me see both of your hands. please.
[tense music playing]
In one of my therapy sessions
with Joaquín Duval.
he told me about The Seven Beatitudes.
After some research on the internet.
I learned more about this place.
These beatitudes are the pillars
of a spiritual group
located on an island not far from here.
Desiderio Island.
This cult exists out there
and those who live there
are called "the naturists."
[Indira] Sure. I've heard of them.
but Joaquín Duval killed himself
a year ago.
- What are you talking about?
- No. Something tells me he didn't.
No. no. something's not right
about all of this.
I believe it has to do
with that fucking pastor.
He's called Bautista Marcos.
And besides. they're taking advantage
of everyone on the island.
That cult is growing fast.
[Indira] Desiderio Island.
Hmm. what else do you know
about this cult?
[Camila] They're polyamorous.
[woman screaming]
They believe in freedom.
in self-government.
and that emotions are
the foundation of everything.
[baby crying]
I'm positive
that Eva is living among them.
[suspenseful music playing]
Oh. yes. You're so beautiful.
You're perfect.
He mentioned that he saw her
among the rest of the cult members.
It's very hard
to get access to that island.
Please. help.
[music ends]
Oliver.
I don't know if you'll believe me at all…
but I wanted the best for both of us.
I thought if I got out first.
then I could free you
from that awful orphanage.
but I was wrong.
[intriguing music playing]
INDENTIFICATION RECORD
So I burned your papers.
I did it to protect you.
I needed to get out first
because I believed
I could fix everything from the outside.
make it all better.
And then I asked about you.
They told me you were doing great.
that you had been adopted
by a family like mine.
and I was so relieved.
Because for me. it was better
to think that you were adopted
than accept that I had abandoned you.
You didn't give a shit about me
at all. bastard!
Not true.
You didn't care about my fucking life.
you son of a bitch.
And why? Tell me. motherfucker!
- Hey! I already told you!
- You asshole!
I was wrong. man! I failed. okay?!
And now I'm begging for forgiveness.
[breathing shakily]
Listen. I'm so sorry. okay? I said it.
[breath trembling] You son of a bitch.
[Oliver panting]
[Indira] Okay.
there is something strange here.
[phone ringing]
Where have we seen this image before?
In Duval's case file.
These photos were discovered
in his cell after his suicide.
[Indira exhales]
Camila was right on this.
- This could be any island though.
- [Indira] No. It's Desiderio Island.
Here. It's where we'll find Eva.
[exhales]
Duval.
[dramatic sting]
After the kidnapping.
Camila was never the same again.
Finding that girl became
an obsession to her.
She wouldn't stop. and she was blinded
to the dangers around her.
and I warned her.
I told her
she was taking unnecessary risks.
[sighs] Indira. you did
everything you could for that woman.
Everything.
I knew she felt guilty
when she brought Eva to that party
and even more so
for not getting her parents' permission.
and for causing Miguel pain.
I feel for her.
Making it worse.
the man she trusted most at that time.
her ex-husband David.
turned out to be an accomplice to Ángela.
That man completely betrayed her trust
and assisted you in the investigation.
[Indira] True.
And if it hadn't been for David.
we'd have no evidence
that Eva would be living with that cult
on the island.
David Meneses. Joaquín Duval.
Ángela Ferrer. and all her followers
will wind up paying
for every crime they have committed.
Yep. even though he's cooperating.
they'll still prosecute David.
but with Ángela Ferrer. you never know.
She has avoided prosecution already.
and if we don't prove she's involved
as a murder accomplice
in the case of Santiago del Río
and that she's involved
in the kidnapping of…
Just think about it. boss.
She shows up on the news
devastated and emotional.
yet she was actually the one who planned
the kidnapping of her own daughter
just to get back at Camila.
Ángela knew about the island all along.
[exhales] Crazy.
And that guy who was her main accomplice
then betrayed her completely.
Yes. that's because her main accomplice is
just as crazy as she is.
I don't believe
a happy ending is a likely outcome here.
We've already lost too many lives.
I'm not optimistic
about how all of this is gonna go down.
TWO DEAD IN A CULT
There's no way
that this ends well for anyone.
Yeah.
[intriguing music playing]
[Indira over radio] Camila.
what's your status? Please respond.
[Camila] I'm on my way to the island.
- [Indira] Everything okay so far?
- Yes. I haven't been recognized.
[Indira] Copy that.
We are tracking your location.
[man] Welcome to Desiderio Island.
Please follow our sisters in green.
[inaudible]
[Camila] I can confirm
Eva is on the island.
Repeat. confirming Eva is here.
I just saw her.
[Indira] Copy that. Be safe.
Camila Román is on the island.
[Joaquín] Are you sure about that?
Yes. it's her.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Camila] Fuck. they've recognized me.
[Indira] Wait. who? Who recognized you?
Camila. answer me. What's happening?
Camila. do you copy?
Camila. are you there?
Outta the way. move!
[Indira] Send more units now!
Stop right there! Stop her! Watch out!
Hey! Hey. stop!
[Camila screams]
[Camila panting]
[Camila grunting]
Let go of me! That's enough!
[Indira] We've lost contact.
She's not responding.
and we don't have her location.
Until we find her.
she's out there on her own.
[Camila panting]
No. no. [yelps]
Let go of me!
Shh. shh. shh. shh. Hold still.
Shh.
- Okay. here.
- [Camila grunts]
[Camila panting]
Right there.
Hold still.
You don't want to fall.
[Camila panting]
[tense music playing]
Is everything prepared?
Come on. let's get ready.
Our guests will be here soon.
[panting]
Why did you kidnap Eva?
Eva no longer exists.
Her new name is Adyanta. and I'm Bautista.
[engine revving]
You know what happens now. Camila?
It's your turn to die.
You bastard. stop!
If you let her drop.
I swear I'll kill you!
You think you're a real hero. Juan David?
One more step and I let her fall.
so drop your gun.
[Camila] David.
[Joaquín] Tell her.
Tell her what you're doing here.
She needs to hear it directly from you.
Come on. tell her!
A mother would do anything
for her family. Camila.
You shouldn't have interfered.
You meddled with the plan.
This was all Ángela's idea.
She organized the kidnapping. all of it.
When are you going to realize
that this woman has it in for you?
- She's dead if you don't drop that gun!
- Okay. I will!
It's down. okay?
All good. It's fine. Let's just chill.
I'm sorry. okay?
I didn't know what else to do.
I'm sorry.
[Miguel grunting]
[Camila] David. help me!
- Don't move! Don't move!
- [Miguel] Where's my daughter?!
- Where is she?
- Take it easy.
- Where is my daughter?!
- [Ángela] Where is Eva?
Everyone chill out!
Why the fuck are you asking that?
You're the one who kidnapped her!
What are you talking about?
I haven't heard from her in a year!
- Where is she?!
- No. wait.
- What've you done with her?!
- Kill her!
Ah. you idiots!
What's wrong with you? Don't touch me!
[Miguel] Tell me the truth right now.
So now you care about your family?
You let me go or I'll drop her.
I swear to God.
You know what? You should be rotting.
Just like your horrible father.
you fucking psychopath!
[Camila screams]
[Miguel] No! Oh my God!
No! Camila! Camila!
[grunting]
[somber music playing]
No!
- No!
- [Ángela] No. honey.
- [Eva wailing]
- Camila!
[somber music continues]
[music fades]
["Under Your Spell"
by Moa L. Muñoz and Ryan T. Short playing]
♪ Black magic ♪
♪ Ecstatic ♪
♪ Can't help when I look at you ♪
♪ Dramatic ♪
♪ I panic ♪
♪ One look. what am I to do? ♪
♪ Losing control ♪
♪ Can't let it go. go. go. go. go. go ♪
♪ Is this heaven or is this hell? ♪
♪ Can't talk 'cause I'm under your
Under your spell ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm under your spell ♪
♪ Is this heaven or is this hell? ♪
♪ Can't talk 'cause I'm under your
Under your spell ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm under your spell ♪
[music ends]
[dramatic music playing]